Fix tracing (#6230)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/tracing/10-01-traces-troubleshooting.md

## Jaeger shows only a few traces

> 1. The current Istio Pilot settings define the trace sampling rate at `1.0`, where `100` is the maximum value. This means that only 1 out of 100 requests is sent to Jaeger for trace recording. To change this system behavior, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jaeger showing just a few traces may be caused by the following settings:
1. Istio Pilot sets the trace sampling rate at `1.0`, where `100` is the maximum value. This means that only 1 out of 100 requests is sent to Jaeger for trace recording. To change this system behavior, run:
```
Let's add a short introductory sentence to the points.

```bash
kubectl -n istio-system edit deploy istio-pilot
```
Set the **traceSampling** parameter to a desired value, such as `60`.

>**NOTE**: Using a very high value may affect Istio's performance and stability.

> 2. The current Knative trace sampling rate is also at `0.1` where `1` is the maximum value. To have complete trace recordings, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The current Knative trace sampling rate is at `0.1` where `1` is the maximum value. To have complete trace recordings, run:
```
